As for our role as a Mobile Development cohort consisting of Andika Widhiantara and Nabil Ramadhan is to create an android application for the capstone project, the first thing we do is create a login and register page in its creation we use design references from YouTube tutorials. After making the layout for the Login page, we connect the login and register end points to the Backend that has been created by Cohort CC where users can send data and stored in Firebase. 
After completing the login and register pages, we continue the progress of making this Android Application by creating the User Data page. After creating the layout of this page, we connect the healthdata endpoint where the user can send data in the form of Age, gender, weight, height where this data is used to predict the user's health condition based on the user's BMI. On this page, the user can also send data on food allergies suffered by the user which this data is used to filter food recommendations that will be received by the user. 
After that we create a health result page and connect the predict endpoint on the backend where this endpoint is used to pull the results of the user's BMI prediction based on the data that has been sent by the user and processed with the ai model on the backend. This page will display the user's health condition based on the predicted results of the ai model. 
Next we create a food recommendation page and connect it with the mealPlan endpoint. This page will pull the allergy data previously entered by the user to filter the food recommendations that will be displayed to the user. This page contains several food recommendations that are divided based on meal times. 
Finally, we create a logout page and connect it to the logout endpoint. On this page the user can log out of his account.

In creating this project we use the retrofit method which is used to connect all endpoints on the backend created by the CC cohort and is also used to retrieve tokens created on the backend to run the application. And we use Room Database which is used to store variables that are used to store data taken from endpoints that are used specifically for food recommendation data.


